this is what it has come to here is
where it you'll be decided
parodies means from there Marcus in a
world without guests dear Marcus rules
the wasteland I'm gravely disappointed
that you wish to take the gasoline out
of the wasteland defend the fuel well
never lock away give me the pump the
gasoline there all come now this is a
land that prays for a hero
well anyone's gonna get in there it's
gonna be yeah this is Mad Max too
a long time since I seemed rather than
like that man the warrior of the road
you're okay by me pal go ahead it to
your Tricia last the fiight interceptors
every day we get week while they get
stronger you want to get out of here you
talk to me
to do the job I need some high-octane
gasoline got yourself a deal
you run but you can't hide I'm gonna
crash we'll crash through those were all
about you
I'm sorry
when it's every man for himself
and there's no place left to run
when all that's left in one last chance
pray that he's still out there somewhere
Mad Max 2